#summary How to build the code

= Prerequisites =

 * Android SDK and NDK v.1.6r1 or higher
 * JRE & JDK 1.6
 * Eclipse 3.5
 * ADT plug-in v0.9.5 for Eclipse
 * GNU make

= Details =

The following assumes that your operating system is Linux.
I didn't try this in Windows, but I think it should be straightforward.

 # Install and setup the above tools if you didn't do it yet.
 # Download the sources from this SVN:
{{{
svn checkout http://andless.googlecode.com/svn/trunk andLess
}}}
 # Go to your NDK root directory
 # mkdir apps/lossless
 # Create the file "apps/lossless/Application.mk" containing two lines:
{{{
APP_PROJECT_PATH := $(call my-dir)/project
APP_MODULES      := ape flac wav wv mpc lossless
}}}
 # In apps/lossless, make a link called "project" pointing to andLess directory (full path)
 # Change the following line in build-binary.mk <br> I don't know how to get around this NDK feature gracefully, but the lib won't link otherwise. If you do know, please inform me.
{{{
diff -r android-ndk-1.6_r1.orig/build/core/build-binary.mk android-ndk-1.6_r1/build/core/build-binary.mk
166c166
< $(LOCAL_BUILT_MODULE): PRIVATE_STATIC_LIBRARIES := $(static_libraries)
---
> $(LOCAL_BUILT_MODULE): PRIVATE_WHOLE_STATIC_LIBRARIES := $(static_libraries)
}}} 
 # Go to the NDK root dir and "make APP=lossless" to get "liblossless.so" in its proper place, so that it'll get added to the .apk when you build the java code.
 # Load the Java part of this project in Eclipse and build it.
You should get an installable apk package containing the library.